studio it's very pretty great I settles
of how to find a backlash so today we
have a model here with us that we're
going to apply that eyelashes on and her
name is daisy chain she's here with us
today and first one to offer this is our
starter kit it comes with everything
and this is what is coming in a really
cute little makeup bag let's peek and
then you get to choose two of your old
mattress and if you want
hey I was it more than just waterproof
mascara and blush trailer oh yes two or
more glue about what you want we have a
shark and we have a clear we also have
two sizes as well of course likkle here
which everyone pair scissors chamber
tweezers and applying lip brush so here
we are we're going to start the seventh
step first let me show you some of my
eyelashes we have a couple choices these
are the Michelle's these are no Melissa
for ultimate lashes they're a little bit
more
naturals and then we have our more
dramatic like the lily and the Denise's
and will probably want to use a little
bit more natural the end if you trim off
the corner it's going to start kind of
long and it isn't very natural
blue because it works very well I would
know it
before I came on this money is a
different type of glue and it just fell
off
mascara on lashes mascara
but usually you can see that for after
you're gonna start guys
I keep this close to your lash line as
you can but not directly on it to wonder
why I let's just fall off right
you can already tell the difference
she's right hey there you go and that is
our house